Exercise 1.3
Click on the "About" link in the navigation bar.  What code in the application just got executed?  Hint: Look at the address bar in the browser.

Answer:
When clicking on the about tab in the webpage the method public ActionResult About() from the HomeController class gets executed. 

Exercise 1.5
In the address bar of the browser, add /home/about to the end of the URL (after the port number) and hit enter.  Explain the process the MVC framework takes to result in the page displayed.  How does the MVC framework know what to display based upon the URL it receives?

Answer:
In the url http://localhost:18376/home/about the /home/ portion of the URL is the controller. The action being executed with the controller is the /about portion of the url. In this case the home controller uses the routes configured to make the proper action request to the business logic that will process the url change request.

Exercise 2.1
What part of the Home controller generates the "About" page?

Answer:

        public ActionResult About()
        {
            ViewBag.Message = "Your application description page.";

            return View();
			
Exercise 2.2
What data is being generated by the controller to be displayed in the page?

Answer:
The view data is being generated to be displayed. More specifically fields such as the view bag are being set with text to be displayed in the view.

Exercise 2.3
Where is the view that the controller invokes to display the page?

Answer:
Each controller contains their own view which is generated to the response of the request on it.

Exercise 2.4
Describe the folder hierarchy convention that allows the MVC framework to find the correct view.

Answer:

The MVC folder hierarchy convention is organized in the same fashion as the webpage is organized.

Exercise 2.5
Find the place in the view where the data generated by the controller is displayed.  This is a simple example of the Razor syntax for adding C# logic to a view.

Answer:

The controller stores data in the About.cshtml file in order to display it to the view.

Exercise 3.3

Go to the address bar and enter Person after the port number in the URL.  Hit enter.  What do you see?  Why?

Answer:
The page displays: Server Error in '/' Application. The controller needs to store data in order to display a view for example in a .cshtml file otherwise the application will throw a runtime error as it did.

Exercise 3.5 Repeat steps 2 and 3.  What do you see now?

Answer:
Now a blank page is displayed as the controller now has the data in order to display the view which is located in a .cshtml file.

Exercise 3.8
Repeat steps 2 and 3.  What do you see now?

I have created a view filled with data named WelcomePerson to the PersonController which may be accessed as http://localhost:18376/person/welcomeperson. Now the WelcomePerson action executed on the PersonController displays the data I have provided in the viewbag.

        